Further clarify integrations strategy (#4274)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/strategy-goals/strategy/integrations/index.md

#### Pause Browser extensions

When launched, our Browser Extensions provided much needed code intelligence functionality into code hosts. Since then code hosts have now caught up and implement similar (albeit not as good) functionality to their products.

Because of this we want to first focus on improving our competitive differentiation by bringing new concepts about code into Sourcegraph. From there we can work out where best to display them on code hosts to provide the most value to our users.

> After we've added additional value to the Browser extensions, we will focus on improving adoption across all developers at an enterprise. We had previously optimised for onboarding individual users, but given our focus change this does not scale. Instead, we will explore ideas such as becoming an approved extension for [Chrome enterprise](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/6306504?hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we've added additional user value to the Browser extensions, we will focus on improving widespread adoption for developers at an enterprise level. We had previously optimised for onboarding individual users, but given our focus change to enterprise, we need to find an adoption strategy that is more scalable. Instead, we will explore ideas such as becoming an approved extension for [Chrome enterprise](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/6306504?hl=en).
```

#### Pause IDE extensions

After the release of the JetBrains plugin we will have supported IDE extensions for the [majority of professional developers](https://survey.stackoverflow.co/2022/#section-worked-with-vs-want-to-work-with-integrated-development-environment) and the most highly requested by our customers.

> Similarly to Browser extensions, we want to now improve our differentiation and become more than a more convenient place to search. Consequently after we've incorporated new concepts into Sourcegraph we'll work out how best to use these in the IDE. Then we'll work on getting enterprise wide adoption by making authentication, and distribution of our extensions easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to Browser extensions, we want to improve our user value and product differentiation to become more than a convenient place to search in a user's editor. We plan on using the new concepts that we will be incorporating into Sourcegraph to increase value for user's in IDEs. After that, we'll work on getting enterprise-wide adoption by making authentication, and distribution of our extensions easier.
```
